For Subtitling Services, contatct:
waqas.zahoor89@gmail.com
Previously on Love Island...
For Subtitling Services, contatct:
waqas.zahoor89@gmail.com
..relationships were in ruins.
I thought things were going
quite well between us.
We need to slow things down
a little bit.
I wanna be sure we have
the right connection.
Me and Alex is kind of done.
For me, I just can't see it working.
Tonight...
..the game... is on.
She's not with Jack now,
so, I mean...
I don't want to see you
with somebody else.
I'd love to kiss you.
I do like you.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
# I don't expect you
to understand...
Oh, no!
Jack's has just broken up with Laura
for the second time in a night.
The monster!
Oh, hang on! We're just showing that
bit from yesterday's show again.
That's a relief!
# Cos I'm a proud woman
# I must be proud, woman...
Why do I, like...
It's not even like...
Yeah, I did like him,
but I just don't give up on people.
That's what it was with you,
that's what your problem was.
That is what it was.  I'm just not
like... I know that you...
I'm not saying it's a bad thing, but
this experience for me, I just...
I just try and I wouldn't
just end it.
But, Laura, honestly...
But maybe you should.
Maybe I should,
but I'm not that cutthroat.
I just feel like an idiot.
I don't think you are. I think this
is a blessing in disguise for you.
As far as it could have gone,
it went well.
I just had to tell her how I felt.
I can't deny how I feel.
What did you say?  I just said,
like, I care about you,
I do. I am happy. I enjoy spending
time with you,
but do I see this working on
the outside? And I don't.
I do feel a little bit,
like, a slight relief,
because at least I know
that I was honest.
It would have been easy for me
to just stay where I was,
but that is not fair.
Deep down, you know that everything
is going to be fine
and this has happened for a reason.
No, I know I'll be fine,
but I still fancy him,
do you know what I mean?
I feel it's difficult not to feel
it's a kick in the teeth
because now I'm just going to watch
him, like, pursue these girls
and it's just like,
"Ugh, I feel sick".
Why don't you pursue your own thing?
I just don't work like that.
It's very difficult to just switch
and all this kind of malarkey.
Malarkey?!
I mean, you'll be good, Laura.
You'll be good.
Erm... Another one bites the dust,
eh?
Oh, God!
I feel a little bit... embarrassed.
It's really, really not easy going
through, like,
kind of, like, two break ups in here
in the space of, like, six weeks.
It is hard to see other people
progress and you not.
I just try to stay positive
and it didn't work out, I guess.
After a breakup, it's good to get
back on the horse.
Jack's gone one better. He never got
off the horse in the first place.
He just galloped over to Stephanie.
That wasn't an easy chat
to have with Laura.
What happened, have you finished it?
Yeah.  Completely?
Yeah.  Honestly?  Honestly.
How did she feel? Is she OK?
She, erm... I think...
It's difficult.
I felt bad, obviously,
for making her, you know, upset.
But I do feel as if she understood.
Did she?
I do think she understood, because
we said from the very start,
we need to be honest
and we need to be happy.
If we are not happy together, that's
it, we can't be anything else.
I had to kind of just say
how I felt.
I've been feeling for a day or two,
so it wasn't just a split decision
that just happened.
I find it really difficult to,
like, picture me
and her working on the outside.
Do you think even if me and Laura
weren't here,
this would have happened anyway?
Yeah.
Yeah, because you girls
have come in,
and yeah, you both have spun
my head.
I'm not going to lie, you have.
And I said to her I would always be
honest with her if that does happen.
I didn't really think it would, but
it has, do you know what I mean?
With yourself and Laura,
you are more similar to me.
You have more things in common,
you are more my age,
it would make sense for us to...
It would last longer on the outside
if we were to do anything.  Yeah.
He is talking to her now.  OK.
No, I'm just saying.
For me, even right now,
you telling me
that he's over there speaking to
her, I find that massively too much.
That's mad, innit?  Just leave it
until tomorrow.
I just feel like, "Oh, my God,
I've just been dumped.
He is cracking on with some other
chick and I can see it."
It is not great, is it? It is not
like the most funnest night.
I haven't really spoke to any of you
on a level where I could really say
anything, but you are both really,
really nice girls.
Both of you are very attractive.
Thank you.
Very attractive.  Thank you.
For myself, I needed to have
that discussion with Laura.
I said that. It now means I can
openly get to know you better,
whereas before I didn't feel like it
was as easy as that.
Now it is like fair game. We will
see if there is anything there.
Do you know what I mean?
Yeah, definitely.
Jack is really nice. I do like him.
It is obvious I like him.
I have said from day one he is the
kind of person I would go for.
Obviously now that him and Laura
are finished,
maybe we can see each other
even more tomorrow
and just see where it ends up.
These islanders are all the same.
They think the plastic grass is
greener on the other side.
Hello.  Fancy seeing you here!
So we have sent them to bed before
anyone else can break up.
Where are we sleeping tonight,
Laura?  I'm sleeping in my own bed.
The boys want to do the dirty,
they can fuck off.
I want to go on the sofa.  No, I want
to go on the sofa.  No, I want to.
No, Sam.  What now?
I want to sleep on the sofa.  I am.
This is really annoying me now.
Is it?
The whole situation is annoying me.
Oh! Today's been shit.
This is really difficult because me
and Georgia had to split
and I'm trying my best, but I can't
keep my hands off her.
I just can't. This is...
This is a nightmare.
The Love Island sofa.
This is it.
Coming up...
(PHONE ALERT) Text!
..Dani gets a date.
Jack and Dani, it is time to head
out shopping. (SCREAMS)
I can't wait to have a trolley!
Ah, the legendary
Mallorcan killer tit.
Nature's deadliest assassin.
To prove it,
I'll just release this fly!
Boom! Lethal!
They use them as guard dogs in
Spain. Right, wake up, you lot!
Hey, are you all right?
I need a coffee.
Jack spent the night,
miserable, uncomfortable,
and struggling to sleep. Or as his
ex, Laura would describe it...
travelling economy.
How was the first sofa night
for you, mate?
I woke up this morning and I knew it
was the right thing to happen.
It is good that you woke up and felt
the same way.  Yeah.
That is how it felt when it happened
to me, I did not regret it at all.
It felt like a weight had been
lifted from my shoulders.  Yeah.
The thought is a burden,
it weighs you down.
You do not want to upset her,
but you have to say it.
It was the right thing to do
for both of us.
It is a new morning,
a new day.
I do not feel like there is any
animosity in the air,
so the plan of action, the POA,
is to find out what these
new girls are saying.
Laura is up on the terrace,
reflecting on another breakup.
Go on, Laura.
You know the drill by now.
Sit down. Deep breath.
And talk about those feelings.
I feel OK.  Yeah.
I was worried about getting into
bed, myself. I wasn't upset.
I didn't cry, or anything.
I just went to sleep.
I just thought, "Fuck him", really.
I do feel OK. But I feel worried
that I feel OK,
because you know
when you feel OK,
and then you're thinking that later,
I might not feel OK.
And then you are like, "Shit."
What are you thinking?
Anybody in mind?
I know what you think.
(LAUGHS)
Obviously, Paul is fit.
Yesterday you said you only had
one conversation.
I have only had one conversation
with Paul so...
I find the whole thing awkward,
I do not find him awkward.
I'm not just going to get pied off
and then run over to... Paul
No. No..  I do not have a clue how
I feel about him,
because I do not know him.
He's maybe a little more attractive
than I might have said.  OK.
I just want you to be happy, Laura.
That is all. I really do.
You are very cute.
No, I do though, Laur,
that's why I nag you sometimes.
It is actually nice to know that
Laura has left it now with Jack.
And that she can now move on,
I know that Laura deserved better.
I really like Paul,
I think he's a nice man.
He's nice to be around.
How beautiful would it be
if she gets her happy ending?
I had such a weird feeling all day
yesterday.
I spoke to him, I was like,
"I like you."
But he just wanted
to keep things open
and wanted to get to know
the new girls, in particular Laura.
So, for me, that is a bit of like,
well, that says to me that you are
not that interested.
Yeah.  Yeah.  That is fine.
I'm not going to force
somebody to like me.
At the same time,
I do not want to be an option.
As lovely as he is,
he says to me
that he wants to continue
to get to know me.
I just thought...
I don't wanna know.
I do not need to be sat here,
like, feeling sorry for myself
because somebody is not interested.
What am I gonna do? That is it.
Have no regrets and have fun
with each other,
stick together and it will be fine.
It will be absolutely fine.
It is quite hard to be able to look
at Alex at the moment.
I know that he wants to get to know
Laura a little bit more.
I'm baffled, to be honest.
I'm speechless in terms
of what Alex is thinking.
I do not want to be an option,
and that is it, really.
Georgia and Sam were in the bathroom
for ages yesterday evening.
They must've been struggling with
the door handle, cos I heard Sam say,
"Grab it and twist it, or we'll be
here all night!"
Are you going to tell me off again,
babe?  Why?
Go on. What's happened? What?
Oh, my God. What have you done?!
(LAUGHS) Go on, have a guess.
You know me, babe.  You got with Sam?
Did you? Did you? Where? Where?
In the bathroom. It was really nice.
For fuck's sake.
I literally love Georgia.
That girl, you look at her
and you're like,
"Where have you come from
and where have they found you?"
She does like Sam,
she really fancies him.
She cannot have him,
that is what it is.
You have got yourself in a right
little pickle.
Ain't I? I'm in such a pickle.
Last night, you were saying you are
done with them,
and you would move on now.
I looked at his face, and I wanted
to kiss him.
It's cos you like him and,
realistically, this what it is.
I said to you last night, right.
You talked about Paul and Josh.
I think that Paul is better suited
to somebody like Laura.
He is older, he wants to whisk
a girl away.
You are already being whisked
by Sam. Do you know what I mean?
I just think Josh,
he is a handsome boy.
He's very forward.
Yes.  Very forward.
Very forward, yes, I can see.
He's so keen, it is putting me off.
He is not mysterious, is he?
No.  You ain't got to marry the boy.
Just get to know someone else. Be
you. Cheer you up a little bit.
Why do I put myself in such
messy situations?
Because you love a bit of a mess.
(LAUGHS)
You do!
I'm trying to curb the feelings to
Sam and focus on the new boys.
I'm trying. I'm trying hard but it
is proving very difficult.
I'm trying hard but it is proving
very difficult.
I heard Georgia saying that in the
bathroom last night as well
but what is Sam's side of the story?
Dani is dying to hear.
Have you got something to tell me?
You and Georgia?  What?  A little...
How do you know that?  I spoke to
Georgia.  When was that?
She told you.  Yes.  When was that?
Last night.  That was a secret thing.
It is not now, is it?  No. That is
why my mind is all over the place.
For fuck's sake, Sam.
I made the decision
to crack on with these two new
birds.
Then I am kissing Georgia.
What am I doing?
It is because you cannot have it.
You're going to want it
even more now.  Yeah.
I'm try my best to get to know
the new girls,
they are lovely girls,
they are really hot
but when I am with them
I just think they are not Georgia.
I borrowed a farmer's roller and
flattened two beanbags,
do not ask me why. Now, New Josh is
trying one out while he cracks on
with Georgia.
Is some still playing on your mind a
little bit, do you think? Of course.
That is natural. You were together
for two weeks, was it?
Obviously you get to know someone
in that time
and it is not going to be easy.
I'm a good believer in everything
does happen for a reason.
I'm in the situation now
for a reason.
I have been getting to know
you for a reason.
And we would have cute babies.
You are so keen. Oh, my God.
They would be fit though.
They would.
You think we are made for each
other, don't you, babe?  Not yet.
But we will be.
Oh, my God.
Every time I speak to Georgia
she gives a reason
to fancy her even more.
I think I fancy her this much
and then I will speak to another
time and then...
I think it is going to go up
and up and up.
Yeah, it is exciting, very exciting.
I feel like I'm chatting
to one of my best friends.
This is what I want.
It does not feel forced.
Josh has put all of his eggs in one
basket. Very keen, my God.
Very keen.
Alex fancies a bit of surf and turf.
Cracking on with a surfer
and turfing out Alexandra,
and Dani is not impressed.
You fancy Laura, don't you, Alex?
Yeah, she's hot.  I'm gutted.
I'm not gonna lie. I don't
like this game any more.
Alexandra has come in here,
worked hard with Alex,
all over him and he was all over her
but a new girl has come in
with a surfboard, and you want to
jump on it and mug someone off.
She was really upset last night,
be a bit more of a man...
Hang on. Dani, I have been a man.
I just told her that I am not ready
to be exclusive,
that is what I told her.
I think that is very fair
after five days.
I'm not even talking any more,
I cannot be bothered.
I'm not talking any more.  Fine.
I'm going to sit on my own.  What are
you doing?  I'm sitting on my own.
Why are you being silly for?
I just want to sit on my own.
Everyone has loved Alex
from the get go because
he has always been a little
bit awkward but always cared about
everyone's feelings and that is why
Alex has been in here
for such a long time cos everyone
has been rooting for him to be happy
and now he has had a few options,
he's taken the route
that some of the other boys has done
and he hasn't acted like
a gentleman, at all.
I've got rhythm, I've got music.
(MESSAGE TONE) Jack.
I have got a text!  Text.
(READS)
I'm so excited! Guys, you are going
to love it. Absolutely love it.
I cannot wait to have a trolley.
I love a trolley. I love them.
Let's get ready.  Let's go.
I am going to be so Brit abroad.
"Babe, they've got these at home."
Are you a good cook, Dan?
Yes, lamb chops, pork chops.
They are the hardest things to cook.
This is our first real couple,
real-life...
We will be doing this
together at some point.
Oh, my God, yeah.
We are on a budget.
We are on a budget, we cannot be -
We're saving for the mortgage.
It would be funny if you came back
with no food and all beers.
I am really excited,
really, really excited.
Do you know any Spanish,
Jack?
Dos? Grande?  That will do, yeah.
This is a test, nothing else is.
There's always arguments
when shopping.
We might come home separate.
Imagine that.  (LAUGHTER)
They started arguing
in the baked bean aisle.
Still to come...
Dani shops till she drops.
Chicken breasts... The big one.
Chicken breast. (LAUGHTER)
Jack and Dani are hitting the shops
so we're splashing out
and giving them the equivalent
of an entire year
of Andy the intern's wages, but what
will they buy with their 7 euros?
What are we going to cook?
What would you like?
I'm thinking chicken curry.
In 40 degrees?
What about roast dinner.  I ain't
making a fucking roast.
For 16 people. Everyone wants four
or five potatoes.
I got it. What about fajitas?
Have you ever may fajitas?
No, but I'm good at eating them.
I can't read Spanish.
I can. I'm good.
Hold on.
We should have cheese.  OK. Queso.
Mm.  Give me a pot of that and I will
make shit happen.
What?  It's massive.  Pollo.
Chicken.  Chicken.  A big chicken.
Chicken breasts, big ones.
Big, big, big.
That is for pizza.
I don't know, do I?
That doesn't look like chicken,
Jack.
It's flat breast.
It just juiced on me!
Here we go. Vegetables.
Hold on a minute.
Fishy Dani.
Looks like you an' all.  Piss off.
I wanna get one cos my name's on it.
Fishy Dani?  I want one.
Get one of them, that will be you
down the high street
in a few years' time. There you go.
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
That could be anything.
Lucky it's on the screen. 100...
Si. Gracias. Adios!  Adios.  Adios.
I love it.  It does suit you.
Come on. Get that going.
I love it.  It's bigger than me.
I love it.
It took weeks to find Alexandra,
but Alex has cooled on her.
I went to console the casting team
but their door was locked
and I could hear crying.
Now Alexandra wants a word.
Are you able to talk?  Sure.
I am glad you pulled me for a chat.
How are you getting on?  I'm OK.
I was a bit gutted last night.
I felt a bit low. I guess today
I have to be honest
and say that I do not want to be
an option.
I have been there before and I
cannot put myself in that position.
I want someone to feel
sure about something.
It is not about being an option. It
is just, am I ready to be exclusive.
I'm not.
And I'm surprised you would be.
I'm not saying that I would.
Yesterday, I felt such a bad vibe
and I needed some reassurance.
I am not treating you like an
option, I do not like that phrase.
That's not true. If there was a guy
that came through that was your type
you'd be stupid not to consider
that. I'm sorry you feel that way.
Don't apologise.  I don't want you to
feel like that.
It's not about keeping options open
or playing a game.
This villa can be very intense
but I think it is madness to be in
that position
after four or five days
in my opinion.
Sometimes I feel that, in here, you
need assurance.
Yesterday I felt a bit...
(SIGHS) ..at the end of it all.
I don't think what I said was
unfair.
I'm sad that you are sad. I don't
think I've done the wrong thing.
I don't think you've done the wrong
thing.
I don't know how I feel right now.
I dunno. Almost like we've hit
a stumbling block.
Let's continue as friends.
Let's take a step back.
You can reassess things.
If it is meant to work out it will.
I think the romance with me and Alex
is done.
When you hit a wall so early,
and other people come into
the equation,
I think it's made us realise, "Was
our connection that strong?"
To be honest, no.
It is sad because I do care
for the guy.
Jack's about to graft new Laura.
Better bring your A game, Jack, cos
I heard surfers get bored easy.
I'll get my coat.
Is this your first full day here?
Yeah. That was your first time on
the sofa, wasn't it?
How was it?  It was not ideal.
How come?
I didn't want to talk to you
in depth
because I did not want to be muggy
on Laura's behalf.
Same. I knew you guys were not sure
where you were.
I did not want to be meddling.
What? Those two?
I think Jack is definitely
interested in Laura.
He is laying it on thick. He's got
the sun cream with him.
Factor 50?  It's a Factor 15.  OK.
You are fit. I see you
and I think..."Fuck."
I was the same boat. Yeah.
I feel like a bitch because
I'm like, "Jack's hot."
It is so hard.
Are you gonna lay it on
a little bit thicker?
Time is of the essence. There's
a lot of people competing.
Jack is single so I'm not surprised.
I'm excited to get to know you more.
And you.
Oh, God.
It is crazy because I have not ever
really gone for blonde girls.
It is weird.
Clearly I have got a thing for girls
that are blonde and called Laura.
There's one question Paul always
asks air hostesses
and members of the Wu Tang Clan.
Could you never pick the crew that
you went with?  No.
It was always someone different?
Always working with someone that is
unfamiliar.
When you get a good crew it is so
nice, you enjoy the job way more.
A lot of the time I would be the
only native English speaker
because everyone was from
different countries.
Did you speak any other languages?
No, I should do. Do you?
Neither do I, but I am
half Swedish.  Are you?
Is your mum or dad?
My mum's Swedish.  Really?
Oh.  I did a DNA thing. It tells you
where you're from.
I wanna do that.  It's interesting.
I'm distantly related to Benjamin
Franklin.  Really?
There is some to talk about
with Paul.
I could sit with him all day and
chat to him.
He is really interesting.
He's a lot more like me
than Jack was.
What is your previous
boyfriend history?
A lot of dickheads.
Being cheated on and stuff.
Don't get me wrong. I have had some
nice boys
but I break up with them.
You don't like the nice ones.
When you're younger you make
mistakes.
That is what being young is for,
making mistakes.
Realising what you want.
Getting to know Laura today,
the more I talk to her the more I am
attracted to her.
Is it obvious that she likes me?
I do not know.
She is definitely putting more
effort than yesterday. So maybe.
You're in with a shout, pal,
cos Laura's always been
a big fan of the carpenters.
But is new Laura a fan of Alex?
How are you doing today? Getting to
know Jack a little bit.
I would never have gone over to him
and had a chat
when they were still...
I would not have done that.
Just getting to know him and you.
We are all quite different
personalities.
There were times when I came in and
thought,
"What if no-one likes me?"
Come on, you are a hot girl.
You're easy to chat to.  Thanks.
You're very welcome.
Alex isn't the only one trying to
pull a bird.
Jack's at it as well, although
his is a frozen chicken
in a pensioner's shopping trolley.
Be careful of the chicken.
It won't fly off.
Jack can't cook. Dani will smash it.
Jack will be sitting there drinking
his beer. Hello.
Oh, my God!
What are you making for us?  We are
making chicken fajitas.
Yay!  Look at your shopping bag!
Was it fun?  It was really good.
I'm excited. Honestly, I'm more
excited to watch them two
in the kitchen. "Jack, put it down."
"Sorry, Dan."
I love this trolley.
You could fit in it.
That is you. I can see you in that.
I'm gonna take this out with me now.
Still to come... Alexandra
puts it on Paul.
I'd love to kiss you.
Let's go.  Dinner party time.
I don't know where to start.
Jack and Dani are cooking dinner.
They're rustling up their unique
take on a Mexican classic, fajitas.
I got the cucumber.
I'll get the Rennies.
Who hopes that Jack has nothing to
do with dinner?  Me.
Let me taste some of them.
Why are you eating already?
Chef always tastes his food.
Prepping for the meal was lovely.
Just standing there,
my beautiful girlfriend.
I could get used to this.
I mean it, Jack, stop eating.
I'm not.
We started off well,
we were bonding.
Can you get me a bowl. A bowl.
A bowl or a plate?  A big bowl.
Cooking for 16 people is hard.
Chuck me a plate quickly.
Really, Jack?
It was a struggle.
It's really hot. I will have no
fingers left.
I bought the wrong salsa.  What?
I could've killed Jack because
I wanted to have
a couple bowls of crisps when people
took their drinks. They were gone.
Are you eating them?
If you're cooking and you're hungry,
it ain't a good combination.
What do I do with chicken juice?
There is a lot of chicken juice
in here.
I can't resist. I'm only human.
What about the cream?
I'll sort it later.
Bang it in a bowl. This is natural
cream, will it work?
That is dessert cream.
That's fucked.
I don't wanna cook
for 16 people again.
We haven't got any knives and forks.
We don't need them.
Jack, what are you supposed to eat
rice with? Your hands?  Oh, yeah.
I'm so excited for dinner.
I can't wait.
Who have you guys got your eyes on?
There'll be some flirting tonight.
I would like to flirt with Paul.
Would you?
You have already been doing that,
Laura.
He's the only guy I have got my eye
on as well.
Don't do my make-up bad.  I wouldn't.
What is going on with you?
I had every right to get to know
the new girls.
Just to see how it folds out.
Just do a bit more of that.
All of us are doing the same thing.
What about you, Steph?
I have been speaking to Sam and Jack
the most,
but I do not want to rule
either one of them out.
They're both really nice guys.
I want to continue
to get to know them.
What about you, Laura?
I got to know Jack a little bit
today and it was nice. We will see.
The chicken's in its sauce,
the salad's in its bowl,
and the Doritos are in Jack's belly.
Bon appetit.
It smells good.  It smells banging.
Dani and Jack's Mexican was
the cutest thing.
They put in so much effort.
They pulled it off.
It looks amazing. You've outdone
yourself.
Really? We didn't even row.
I need to relax.  Quick speech. Thank
you very much to Jack and Dani
for this lovely meal, beautifully
cooked. Let's all enjoy it.
Cheers, everyone.
This is brilliant.
Well done, Dani, on the salad.
Jack!  You've done really well.
Fuck you. Don't take all the credit.
The Islanders are enjoying a spot
of dinner party chit chat,
and if you're a fan of witty,
sophisticated conversation,
now's a good time
to go and stick on the kettle.
I really fancy Eamon Holmes.  What?
I just love him and Ruth, I think
they are so cute together.
Alex, have you got any guilty
pleasures?
I love hairdryers. I would get up
early for school
so I could dry my hair and body.
You come home from school and you
get into bed and get hairdryers on.
That is the weirdest fetish I have
heard in my life.
I just love romantic comedies.
I love watching films I can cry out.
You should have seen earlier,
he was sitting on his own watching
the birds.
I always cry at birds.
Did everyone liked the food?
Yes.  I put a lot of effort in.
As we did the cooking you guys have
got to do the cleaning up.
Sadly, Ruth's not letting Eamon
Holmes fly out to Spain,
so Laura's having to make do
with our resident carpenter Paul.
I just feel like you're really
interesting and I could speak to you
all day. I'm not declaring my
love...  You can do.
But I feel like I did not really
expect that.
It is likewise. I thought you were
good looking.
Getting to know you, you're
definitely someone
that is compatible with me.
You're easy to get along with.
I can't take my eyes off him. That
is what is making it really hard.
Alexandra is a make-up artist and
she was doing my make-up
and she said that the only guy
she had her eye on is you.
She was midway through doing my face
and I thought it was awkward.
I did not give him a second glance.
I knew he was gorgeous
but I did not get to know him as
much as I should have
in the first instance.
I'm now worried
because there are other interests.
I do not want to chase you about
the villa or compete.
You should make your own decision.
That is not what I am after.
I don't want ten girls.
I wouldn't like you if you were like
that.
I feel a little bit awkward.
I do like you,
and I obviously want to spend
time with you.
Now, I know that Paul likes me
as well, I think.
You were amazed by HD,
you've gasped at 4K,
now enjoy new Jack and new Laura
filmed
in stunning Blurrovision.
Trademark Iain Stirling.
Have you had a good day?
Today has been good.
It has been good to get to know you.
I agree.
You are not the type of girl
I'd would bump into on the outside.
I don't bump into that many
footballers.
I have never been to Croydon.
It's not Croydon. It's Croyde.
Croydon's in London. (LAUGHTER)
C-R-O-Y-D-E.  Croydon.
Croyde.  Oh, Croyde.  Are you joking?
He is such a flirt.
He is driving me mad.
May I steal you, please?  Yeah.
Do you mind?  No.
We'll move.
Did you see that? I think she just
displaced her.  I know.
He's playing a dodgy game.
Are you good?  Good.  What a day.
I feel we haven't spoken much since
yesterday
and I want to see where your
head's at?
I haven't spoken to you as much.
That has not been on purpose.
The difference between Laura
and I is she's one of the lads
and when she comes over
it does not even seem
like it is in a flirty way it just
seems so natural.
I am one of those typical girls
where if I did that
it would seem like
I was begging it hard.
I want to keep myself more reserved
so it does not look that way.
This is the only day I have had
a chance to talk to you.
You're very attractive, but we will
just have to see.
This place is so crazy.
A day is a week in here.
Tomorrow is a new day.
You never know.
Alexandra's managed to sneak Paul
up to the terrace.
Good work, it's never easy
nailing a carpenter.
What did you say was your type?
Typically my type is a dark,
Mediterranean,
exotic in a way, curvy.  Mm-hm.
That is if you look at the girls
that I have previously dated.
That is it.  Good to know.
And yours?  Good hair, good eyes,
good teeth.
Tall, dark.  Right.
Laura is a good friend in here but
we also now enemies
because there is a guy that we both
like. It is a mess.
I want him to myself.
I don't expect you to make any rash
decisions
but I just want you to know
how I feel
so then you can make a decision
based on that.
I would love to kiss you.
I am blushing.  No, you're not.
I did not expect you to say that.
Really?
Lord, maybe that was a bad decision.
I'm not sure it is going to help me
in any situation at the moment.
I like that you're really putting
it out there, I know.
I cannot even look at you.
You have to when you cheers.
Wow. I did not expect it.
It is nice up here, isn't it?
Alexandra, you should've asked him
for a screw.
He's got a whole bag of them
in his tool box.
Thank you. Muchos gracias.
What are you still doing out here?
This might be a night
where I sleep out here.
I have my own reasons regarding
ending it with Laura,
I did not see it working on the
outside. That's a big reason,
but also the reason was to get to
know yourself and Steph.
But I've really
only got to know you.
I am floating around this place.
Me too.
This was the scenario that I,
in the back of my mind, hoped for.
And it's happened. Or happening.
I feel bad because I know that Steph
likes you and we have come in
at the same time.  You have got to
share a bed with her as well.
It is what it is.
You feel how you feel, right?
Probably best not to tell anyone.
Yeah. (LAUGHTER)
Another recoupling leads to some
tough decisions.
The girl...
I would like to couple up with...
Is...
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org